hi this is Carly this is rudy and you're
watching celeb secrets for you hi I'm
Rudy Abreu nice to meet you okay so what
was it like performing live for America
tonight so amazing it was it's like you
can't even explain the feeling that you
get when you step on that stage just
unbelievable it was so real what would
you guys say was the strength of your
performance and what was the most
challenging I think it's strange oh
great oster your vision challenge you
spent the weakness I think it was just
making sure that everything was really
genuine and real and Stacy really helped
us like really pull that out and I feel
like because of her we were able to go
out way further than we've ever danced
before um I do I agree one hundred and
ten percent I think the strongest moment
of our routine no was probably the the
phrase where we take the pirouettes into
the hold and the jump I just feel so
that's just very powerful and and it's
something that America likes to see it
actually turns and jumps and and
everything synchronized what did you
guys think of the judges comments
tonight oh my god that's dirty crack no
I I almost cried that she's like I just
didn't want to cry cuz like America has
seen enough of my crying and and I
didn't know I was that ugly of a crier
until I saw it so I was like this is not
happening again pull yourself together
now I was just like thank you and I held
it but it was just oh my god the
comments were just unbelievable we were
definitely not expecting that we were
not at all editions and out here
typical Hollywood week was that little
gem for sure sure the time and like the
amount of stress that they put on you
and like a short amount of wheat really
gets to you sometimes and you just like
break down and cry you don't know what's
going on yeah I cried so worth it it's
so worth it what you guys saw on TV from
Pasadena we gonna be crying it was like
like a third no not even like like it
was like this much of how much i cried i
was like every night me going on is
always like I'm crazy yeah it's crazy no
Nick cousin the thing is is weird cuz
Nick cries all the time he cries for the
weirdest things like the weirdest things
like like he got like a text from from
one of our teachers I mean it I mean of
course it's sentimental it's nice but
still like if I gotta if I got a text
from my teachers and you know I'm so
proud of you I was I would be like oh my
god like this is amazing thank you so
much like it means so much to me cuz you
created me like I am the reason why I am
Who I am he gets his text and all I see
is him
good I was like dude like what happened
he's like I don't go texan Loretta told
me she's proud of me and I was like on
it oh my god okay so yeah there's that
and what do you guys think is the best
advice it does have given you some more
there's a hook for the whole that's it
right there so much to point my feet I
have more bethey it is good advice I
gotta butter down these biscuits you
know and I mean I think also just like
continued strong you want to mean like
don't ever back down you have to give it
all like wallet shows going on no fly no
your one chance